[Music]
sponsored by DJI all right I think I'm
allowed to say this so I've been making
videos for like 15 plus years now and
there's something actually kind of
counterintuitive that happens on YouTube
where people are more drawn to almost
like lower production value videos like
obviously big lights and cameras and
everything are super fun but people just
want to see real life like what's
happening in front of you with whatever
camera you have with you so while I'm a
huge video nerd and I've graduated a few
times from you know my first camera to
my first DSLR to a cinema camera and
these cameras actually get like harder
and harder to use but I actually want to
get back more into shooting just like
more places just more spontaneously and
more experiences and more locations not
just the talking head stuff that we've
gotten really good at still fun but like
want to just get out more you know so
anyway the the sort of Apex for that
gear is you might have thought I was
going to say smartphones but it's like
an action camera like this like it's
even smaller it can go everywhere with
you it's more rugged it can shoot
everything all the time and that got me
thinking well it's been almost 10 years
since I got into these action cameras
how good are the best ones now like you
might remember when we strapped one onto
Mac that one day and got the perspective
of being a dog in 4k that was 2014 so
similar to that this one also isn't a
review but this one is sponsored by DJI
and they've got this uh their newest
latest and greatest highest end action
camera into my hands so this is the
action 5 Pro and I figured I'd use this
to take a deeper look at the tech that's
going to hopefully enable more of this
more freestyle shooting that I do in
2025 so the first obvious advantage of
the action camera is just how tough it's
built because yes we know smartphones
can do an incredible job with video too
but I don't know about you I'm just not
trying to risk my phone in all these
precarious scenarios or it would be cool
to get an angle or you put the camera
someplace where it could fall or get
smacked around or take a beating because
that's my phone so this has always been
true since the beginning I mean this
thing is airtight it's built like a tank
it's waterproof to 20 M with no case
needed much better than most smartphones
and then it's also super temperature
resistant so it can operate anywhere
from -20 C to 45 C I also put the
fahrenheit on the screen for y'all but
no free or overheating at any of these
temperatures which is kind of nuts so
being more durable and smaller than any
smartphone is a pretty obvious advantage
to the action camera in a lot of
situations but the other thing about
these things is they've gotten a lot of
usability upgrades over the years so I
remember back in the day these used to
just be back screens which was kind of
like point and shoot and cross your
fingers if you were on the other side
but now now they've all got these dual
screens so you've got a screen on the
front and on the back which is really
convenient for framing things up in
either direction and this one also
happens to have these high brightness
OLED screens so even if it's outside or
something super bright I can use both
screens and since it's a touchcreen and
it's actually usable I can flip through
settings and adjust things and get my
framing right on either side it's
actually very useful so this actually
levels up in one other way it has a
feature that I think should be more
common than it is which is internal
storage so this camera has 47 gigs of
internal storage hold on zui which means
it saved me a couple times already where
I forget to go get a memory card but I
still have enough storage built in to
record petition for all cameras to have
that I think they should all do it they
should all have internal recording so
they can just record whenever and if I
have a card then I can record more so
this will do this is 47 gigs it's 2
hours I'm good for a
while all right Run free go explore
battery life is very solid up to 4 hours
non-stop recording if you turn the
screen off
and then DJI has a a similar clever
charger that they have with their drones
basically where if you put all of the
batteries in this case and then charge
the case it just hops each of them up
and the camera itself actually will
quick charge if you just plug it right
in with USBC I don't have a wattage but
I plugged it in at zero and it got to
20% in 4 minutes and then it was full
and 40 there's also a pressure sensor so
you can tell at any time how deep
underwater you are or how high of an
altitude you're at if that's what you're
interested in shooting and also then
there's just a bunch of accessories for
it for building out and shooting
whatever angle whatever subject you want
so maybe something kind of weird like
this give me a
second I would normally not at all be
comfortable putting my phone out in
front of me hitting golf balls like this
but it's kind of cool angle
oh that was close probably one of the
best things about this camera is it
attaches to any accessory you want via
this magnetic quick release system at
the bottom which has been pretty
standardized with this thing for the
past few years I think other companies
are starting to follow along too matter
of fact the benefits of this one
specifically since it's made by DJI it's
directly compatible with other things
DJI also makes like their newest mics
the mic 2 so you can pair that easily
straight to the action cam and get
scratch audio from the built-in
microphones on top of all of that it
actually plug and plays as a webcam so
when you plug it in the options come up
select webcam and it actually levels up
a lot of people's webcam experiences
which is pretty sick just remember to
brush the dust off of it before you
actually do but it's got to look good
like the whole point of this is that you
have this camera everywhere with you but
that the footage actually looks good so
none of this matters if the footage
doesn't look good so this action cam in
2024 for has one of the best it has a 1
over 1.3 in sensor that can shoot up to
4K at 120 FPS slow-mo if you want to uh
there are a couple other high-end
smartphones out right now with roughly
the same size sensor I actually think 1
over 1.3 in is the same as the Galaxy
s23 Ultra so that's a good example uh so
big enough to gather plenty of light is
an f2.8 lens and on top of that since
it's a dedicated camera yes it can shoot
log it's got a 10bit dlog m it's got hlg
so that you can get even more dynamic
range to mess with in editing after the
fact of course you can always just shoot
normal mode if you want but if you ever
want that extra range it's just a quick
flip away on the touchcreen settings and
it has one of the widest fields of view
this is the thing about action cameras
is they get super wide but this one is
155 so it gives you a ton of room to
work with if you want to shoot in the
most Ultra wide mode but there's also uh
less Distortion in the more cropped
modes depending on what you're shooting
it's actually plenty wide enough to
shoot first person stuff like driving
for example in normal mode or driving
for
example no Distortion needed so that
brings me to my last point which is just
bang for the buck like a a tiny camera
like this that you can take everywhere
is going to be cheaper than a smartphone
that you put at risk all the time that
you actually use for your phone so this
camera starts at 349 bucks and also
let's not forget the internal storage
that it comes with so you can pick one
of these up and however many accessories
and mounts and things you want and run
around outside and beat it up and put it
at risk all the time time and then at
the end of the day if it's still fine
Bring It Back and use it as a webcam if
you want so I think the main thing that
I've taken away from all the fun that
I've had with these little cameras is
you know there's that famous quote I
don't know who said it but the best
camera is the one you have with you you
always hear that quoted everywhere and I
think I've been leaning into that more
because of how often I don't have my
camera with me like the cinema camera
the super high-end the red camera there
are a ton of instances that I can recall
of like say I'm doing a tech review and
there's something really cool that
happens on a device or maybe like a
shooting scenario with a smartphone
camera and I can kind of just tell you
after the fact about what happened
instead of actually having the camera to
point at it and show you I want to just
have the camera with me more often and
just be able to show you the thing so
what I'm definitely not saying is that
I'm like done with you know the super
high-end fun cameras I still love them
there's a reason why we shoot so much
stuff with the Reds and in the studio
and that will always have its place but
what my goal is
going forward especially is to have the
camera with me more often obviously I
have my smartphone in my pocket but just
having a camera all the time everywhere
whether it's in my pocket or in my bag
or whatever so that when that shooting
scenario comes up I can capture it and
that can actually go in the video that's
what I'm trying to do hopefully you're
with me on that and hopefully you're uh
down to see those videos when they come
out also if you want to see that video
that'll be on the autofocus Channel
pretty soon it's pretty crazy one anyway
let me know what you think in the
comments thanks for watching and I'll
catch you in the next one
[Music]
peace the child